Parracis. lxxxvii

and subscribed to by both Houses. North and South, on
the zoth December, 1661.

The Propositions printed in this volume show what

questions were being mooted among the restored clergy.
The liing's order lor a Conterence at the Savoy between
certain Churehmen and the heads ol the Presbyterians
was issued almost immediately.

ln the Cauterbury Convocation (May, 1661, to March,
1662) John Cosiri, Bishop ol Durham, was present. He
laid before the House his book ol Articles touching
visitati0n; and was presently, by a unanimous vote,
chosen by the Seuthem Convocation to draw up a iorm
lor the consecration ol parish churches and chapels
throughout all England. lt is clear that at this period
the northern Bishops, with Cosin as their leading mind,
were in continual and close consultation with the
southern. The Convocation ol York also agreed on a
body ol Articles drawn up by Peter Samwayes, D.D.,
proctor lor the clergy ol Richmond and Chester. These
were ordered to be transmitted to the Archbishops and
Bishops in London, with a view to their dealings with
the Book ol Common Prayer. These matters were,
apparently, meant to make preparation lor the Savoy
Conlerence. It, however, led to no harmony or accom-
modation between the two sets ol opinion.

t„ lt is also interesting to note how, in his desire to
strengthen the ieeble episcopacy ol Scotland, a new form
ol Convocation lor that country was sketched in 1663.
It was to be a synod composed of the two Archbishops,
with their suffragans, all Deans and Archdeacons, the
hxed Moderatum, with one minister from each Presbytery,
and a Commissioner lrom each ol the Universities. This
assembly was never to meet, unless the King could be

 

